Richelle Direny: When you're out.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Hello.
Andriana Clark: Good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good. It's funny, you said that
Richelle Direny: Your phone is the type what you're thinking. You're thinking
Yeah.
Andriana Clark: It drives me insane because it like I try to text real fast. And then it don't catch some of the letters and stuff and then it changes the words and everything.
Richelle Direny: Is complete whole thing.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, well, my entire screen is cracked the only place that don't have a crack one through it is my camera.
Richelle Direny: Oh, also you have to
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I was planning on it. We just got our income tax back. So my husband's getting all his fine taken care of. And then after he pays always finds off. You can buy me anything.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's exciting.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, thank you so much for me a little bit earlier.
Andriana Clark: Oh, that's actually okay cuz I'm kind of tired. So by then I probably would have been falling asleep on you and zoning out like I did last time.
Richelle Direny: Well, you didn't take any you take any medication, this time. Did you
Andriana Clark: Know I was up all night. My husband left for work, he had to leave at 330 this morning. So I stayed up to make sure he would get up and then my daughter.
Andriana Clark: She decided that she wanted to she my daughter decided to tell all of the family that she likes girl. She's 11 years old, but she said she told us all. She has no interest in boys at all.
Andriana Clark: When she looks at certain girl. She gets butterflies in our stomach ache and she just knows that she's a lesbian.
Andriana Clark: Which I don't have a problem with it, what I've heard. I don't have a problem with it because it's not a boy and there was a boy and his eyes, he would have an issue with
Richelle Direny: A little bit of advice and I think
Andriana Clark: It is a lot of a lot of guys I knew her like that. And it's a shame.
Andriana Clark: Well, she ended up dating the girl for a day and then she came home from school bawling her eyes out all day yesterday she was crying.
Andriana Clark: And she goes, I wish, I wish there was no so that I don't have to go to school tomorrow and then like 10 minutes later, it starts like a raining snow and then
Andriana Clark: By five o'clock this morning. It's a two hour delay. So I'm like, Well, I'm gonna stay a little longer, make sure that I don't fall asleep and don't get her up at a time that she has to get up for school.
Andriana Clark: And then it was like 738 o'clock I was, I woke up and I got up and I looked at my phone. I'm like, all you can go back to sleep. You don't have school today.
Andriana Clark: SHE'S IN BED YOU WAKE ME UP. I'm like can look at my phone to see the text message.
Richelle Direny: Oh my god. So what happened why she only dated the person for a day.
Andriana Clark: The girl broke up with her, she she likes somebody else. Originally, and my dad's daughter star kinda like had a hand and my sister, my daughter like this other girl. Well, my dad's daughter store, which is kind of like Kelly's in
Andriana Clark: There like a year apart. Well Kelly's in
Andriana Clark: Asked that a girl that Kaylee had a crush on him. He knew that he had a crush on, and the girl told her that she was
Richelle Direny: Your little sister.
Andriana Clark: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So your little sister and your daughter likes the same person.
Richelle Direny: Your daughter beat her to the punch.
Richelle Direny: By know your sister gonna punch.
Andriana Clark: Well, no, my sister is the one that set up.
Andriana Clark: My sister. My sister beat my daughter to the punch.
Andriana Clark: My sister like this other girl that was bisexual.
Andriana Clark: Or whatever.
Andriana Clark: And she said, my daughter up with the other girl. Uh huh. Well, the other girl.
Andriana Clark: After dating my daughter for day
Andriana Clark: Another girl I had asked her out and she told Kaylee that he had a break up with her and explain to her that other girl asked her out and she liked the other girl for a long time, so she doesn't want to tell it now.
Andriana Clark: Thank you really like she's such a good hearted person she said this, you know, she takes everything to her soul.
Andriana Clark: And she like felt so upset over it. She thought everybody nobody cared about her because she finally came out and told everybody that she likes girls that now everybody. Nobody liked her. My mom.
Andriana Clark: And I'm like old school. And she's like,
Andriana Clark: Really really pushed you when it comes to, like, stuff like Bashar not the same sex or whatever it is.
Andriana Clark: So like when my daughter told my mom. My mom like it's a girl.
Andriana Clark: You're not supposed to grow your girl.
Andriana Clark: Like I just explained to my daughter that a lot of people believe that if you like girls. They you'll go to hell, or whatever, like I explained to her out was
Andriana Clark: In Bible and now it's considered wrong and stuff for the longest time, I'm like, you see it all the time, Kaylee. I said it don't matter what anybody else thinks I said if you are happy with. If you like girls and you're happy and comfortable with yourself. That's all that matter.
Andriana Clark: And then after that she like kind of me and ended up doing a coloring coloring coloring book and just talking and she finally calmed down today.
Andriana Clark: And she's like, it just hurts, because it was my first girlfriend. I'm like, I know that a VM like Kimberly data that day, though. I'm like, eventually you will find somebody
Andriana Clark: two year old seven years old, you're young, you got
To find somebody
Andriana Clark: I was like, You didn't even know that girl you just started dating or because my sister comes up and she's like,
Richelle Direny: How old is your sister. Wow.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: And Kaylee Blake.
Andriana Clark: crying a little bit more. And she's like, I think star did that on purpose. I'm like he might have over like bullets that you install seem to like the same people, unlike you need to find somebody that's not friendless or don't like Star don't want nothing to do a store.
Andriana Clark: It's going to be the same thing over and over
Richelle Direny: So how does she. How does she take it when you said to her, um,
Richelle Direny: Like when you
Richelle Direny: When you told her that even though you know if she's happy with the decision. She's made she's comfortable, that's fine. But then you gave her the perspective that you know
Richelle Direny: God doesn't like it or whatever it is that you said to her,
Andriana Clark: She actually was fine about. She goes, she don't
Andriana Clark: I didn't raise her with any religion or anything.
Andriana Clark: And I'm like, for her. She like she believes in God and my mom and my grandma told her some stuff like different stuff about the Bible and stuff. And she's she got her own Bible and she reads it sometimes
Andriana Clark: So she kind of like understood, like with my grandpa and stuff because she goes, Grandpa Jerry's old
Andriana Clark: So I understand him and old people. She goes, but Guillermo messy always tells me that no matter what my choices are, no matter how wrong I do that you always loved me, but then she acted like I was doing the worst thing in the world.
Richelle Direny: Who we her grandmother
Andriana Clark: Yeah, my mother.
Richelle Direny: She
Richelle Direny: So she's saying that her grandmother told her that she loved her. No matter what
Andriana Clark: Yeah, but at the same time whenever my mom told her no girl. You're not first date, girls.
Andriana Clark: She kind of felt like
Andriana Clark: My mom just couldn't accept her choices and it kind of hurt real bad.
Richelle Direny: But then that's the part that goes into eventually having that conversation with her that they're in for her to understand because like you said she's young
Richelle Direny: Yeah, um, you know, kids think that they have things
Richelle Direny: Life all figured out. And they know everything, and they know
Richelle Direny: That they can make their life decision.
At this young age.
Richelle Direny: Older things changes and all these different things, but I'm just understanding that there are choices that you make and things that you do and directions you decide to go in that everybody is not always going to agree with you.
Richelle Direny: Right decide within yourself.
Andriana Clark: Right, I told her I kind of explained like explained it like that. Like with how my life has been like how bad things were compared out things or
Andriana Clark: And like I don't remember exactly how I explained it, but the way I explained to her. She kind of got it and she understood that. Some even though some people might not have might not like it might make. They might not like the fact that you like girls.
Andriana Clark: But you can't let that bother you, you just gotta look at and be like, Oh, I'm sorry. You don't like my choices, but
Andriana Clark: I'm not going to change how I feel for anybody. And he probably URLs and she kind of like brightened up in her eyes, but real Big Ben and then
Andriana Clark: We had went to my dad's right afterwards to take my sister down home and my dad and Kaylee, or my dad Kaylee and store where in my dad's bedroom just and the girls were talking to a year off.
Andriana Clark: And they were both talking about how they like girls and stuff. And my dad gets kicked your lesbian asses out of my room and he said a joking around and they knew he was joking and
Andriana Clark: Kaylee started cracking up laughing and she's like, that's the best thing that happened to me today. He just praise him up my day.
Richelle Direny: Because of the fact that he
Andriana Clark: Referred eat. They eat for
Andriana Clark: Like just said you lesbian assets take get your lesbian asked about in my room like because for my bad, like he he's always joking around like it's kind of like
Andriana Clark: Kinda like sexist when it comes to It's Okay with women don't want it, but it's wrong with men doing it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but that's that's
Andriana Clark: It so like AND THE GIRLS UNDERSTAND like that. That's how he feels
Andriana Clark: So like whenever they joke around and say, he said stuff about get your lesbian asked about my room or anything close to that are a little bit different from that or something like they know that he's joking.
Andriana Clark: So they immediately laugh at him.
Andriana Clark: He has like the face. You can tell when he's joking. And when he serious
Richelle Direny: So you said that she felt a little bit better with him.
Andriana Clark: And then today she can't for the last about three hours.
Andriana Clark: She had had on my neighbor. She's 21 but she had the mentality of like a 10 year old.
Andriana Clark: So Kaylee likes playing with their control car together play with slam together and being together and stuff.
Andriana Clark: So she was over here today and
Andriana Clark: She was colored with Kaylee and stuff or Kaylee. He thought it so I told her that I was doing group with you, she said, Well, can I go over breeze house with Kevin and Mickey and brie. And I said, yeah, go ahead and
Andriana Clark: She keeps texting me say cracking up laughing, but I'm
Andriana Clark: Mickey, which is her friend breeds mom.
Andriana Clark: Has to other sons and their birthday.
Andriana Clark: So she like kinda
Andriana Clark: was explaining to Kaylee, like how other people will treat you, and I'll act and stuff like
Andriana Clark: She was cutting out but in Kaylee understand a little better than I was in Kaylee's like in a way better mood and everything and now she's like
Andriana Clark: I don't even care that she broke up with me now, I'll find somebody later on when I'm a little older be friends with them and get to know him. I'm like, that's good.
Richelle Direny: So how do you feel about
Richelle Direny: Like her coming out, we're having this conversation and feeling comfortable with having this conversation.
Andriana Clark: She, she's always known like that she could always come to me and talk to me about anything. But, um, the last couple years she's been kind of like
Andriana Clark: Telling me but not telling me all the way, like she would hint around to it, but try not to say it. I think you want to kind of see what my reaction would be
Andriana Clark: And I told her, because I have had a relationship before with a girl and I told her that it was years ago, like before I was ever with my husband, but um
Andriana Clark: I just I explain that to her and she kind of like already knew that from early hear people talk about it and stuff like my family likes to gossip.
Andriana Clark: And
Andriana Clark: I think that's why she like kinda felt comfortable coming out to me.
Andriana Clark: It felt good, that she was comfortable enough to come out to me and like she was petrified to come out to her dad.
Andriana Clark: Because usually, she's Petra, she don't like talking to me. She usually scared to talk to me or scared that I'm going to get mad at her for everything because she knows that I got a temper, kind of, when I look I get mad easily and start yelling. I'm a screamer or yellow
Andriana Clark: And
Andriana Clark: It kind of felt really good that for a change. She actually came to me before that.
Richelle Direny: So you felt so you you like the fact that she felt comfortable enough
Richelle Direny: That you would
Richelle Direny: Be someone
Richelle Direny: Okay, now let me reform. Do you think that she felt
Richelle Direny: Comfortable because of her knowing that in the past. You've had
Richelle Direny: Identified as
Andriana Clark: Being in a relationship. Yeah, I think so. And I think it's because she always knows, like I've had friends that were gay or
Andriana Clark: Like guy friends that were gay or friends that were was being said and hung out with when she was younger and stuff. And it wasn't like we were more than friends. I was just like a like a really good friendship between a couple gay people.
Andriana Clark: And I would be me and my husband. It was like wow me my husband were together and we would all hang out together and just talk and stuff and
Andriana Clark: Kaylee, she she used to like hanging out with them. The one friend that I had with take go shopping and take her shopping and buy a bunch of clothes and stuff.
Andriana Clark: He always wanted to buy girls clothes and he never would you like wearing them pretty always like buying them.
Andriana Clark: So I think that it was just like knowing how her dad so about guys being gay like Kaylee used to tell him just to see how he would react you to go, I want my brother to be gay.
Andriana Clark: Any of you like
Richelle Direny: Your husband is someone like her dad.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's okay to be a lesbian. But it's not okay for men to be
Andriana Clark: Yeah, because it is. Is it sexy for two women and it's just disgusting for two men.
Andriana Clark: It's a shame but
Andriana Clark: Then she was like petrified to even say anything to him because of that because you knew that how we react that whenever she said I want my brother to be gay.
Andriana Clark: And then I told her I found our comfortable enough to say so. Okay, to tell anybody else.
Andriana Clark: I
Richelle Direny: You said it's okay for her to tell
Richelle Direny: Anyone else
Andriana Clark: Yeah, there you go, where she feels comfortable enough that she can tell people that she felt about herself and stuff like
Andriana Clark: Me and then like just sitting around talking a lot, and it's it's different because growing up. She me and her didn't really have much of a bond. It was kind of a postpartum depression right after I had her and it was real bad and
Andriana Clark: Until and taking care of for a long time. So like I did what I could to stay away from her. And I just never really had much of a connection with her. But now that she's getting older and it's like stuff that she wants to ask
Andriana Clark: Me and not or data feels more comfortable. Ask me. It kind of feels good for change, because it's like
Richelle Direny: You're only door.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I have one better one son.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you only have two children. Okay. Okay. So you said that when you had, are you were going through postpartum depression.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So now that you've now you your, your relationship with her is
Andriana Clark: It's like there's kind of like a connection between the air now on that was never there before. It's like a little bit different than what I had like the connection. I had with my son.
Richelle Direny: And then, of course, it's going to be different with the connection with, you know, expression what you were going through at the time that you have her your first child.
Richelle Direny: You kind of somewhat mastered the art of the bonding. And what that is like in your soul aware of the lack of the bond that was for new creative with your daughter that you somewhat overcompensate with your son.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, and you were also a stay at home mom with your, with your daughter as well.
Andriana Clark: I was. But, um, my husband, he worked on the boat. Then, too. But we lived with his parents because he didn't trust me to take care of her by myself and I really didn't trust myself, either.
Andriana Clark: You work when
You Liam.
Richelle Direny: Did you just started your sobriety after you had her or
Andriana Clark: No, I had her when I was 18
Andriana Clark: And I was completely against drugs and everything. And at the time it was supposed to be for me to start pushing
Andriana Clark: The next thing I know, I'm getting shut up with all kinds of drugs that I didn't want to be on or anything because she was a breech baby and then know it until
Andriana Clark: It was time for her to come out and she was coming up first and my hips didn't want to spread apart like they were supposed to
Andriana Clark: If she would have tried to push your way out, she would have died.
Andriana Clark: And then I had a C section which when the it was an emergency C section I was pumped full of drugs for those first three months afterwards. The doctor tapped me on Oxycodone and
Andriana Clark: The annex.
Andriana Clark: And my daughter when cute. She was born. She, uh, well, the doctor also cut my bladder and
Andriana Clark: Whenever they're doing the C section with her and I wasn't able to really get up and move or walker anything famous three months.
Oh, wow.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: That had to do with La yeah I think a lot of that had to do with our I felt to me like I just regretted having a pregnancy. I think at the time because I was against drugs and then right after leaving the hospital. I was addicted to them.
Andriana Clark: And then that's where my drug you started from there. And then it was like going through the postpartum depression. I didn't want nothing to do with my daughter, the sound of my voice, listening to her cry.
Andriana Clark: I mean, looking back now I heated, but I can't change it. And that's exactly how it was. I can just try to do better with my son.
Richelle Direny: And again, like I said, with your son.
Richelle Direny: You're going to tend to overcompensate when especially when you become completely aware of the disconnect you have with your first and everything that you were going through in your first, it's almost kind of
Richelle Direny: You feel guilty for how you are, you were not able to connect and bond with her. There is that sense of guilt. That's that this like in the back of your mind that oftentimes
Richelle Direny: How we respond to things and how we react to things and how we deal with situations. So when you have your next child. It's almost like you almost tell yourself that you're going to make up for your lack
Richelle Direny: Of what you provided for your daughter, you're going to make that up in with your son, and then you find yourself someone always doing that you
Andriana Clark: Make up
Richelle Direny: Or compensate for what you
Andriana Clark: Really are not making up for anything. You're just doing better for one than you did for the other
Andriana Clark: Exactly, exactly.
Richelle Direny: But in our minds we justify our actions that
Richelle Direny: We are always justifying and we're always in order to suppress the guilt or the feelings and the thoughts that we have in our minds we justify it, and you will you tend to overcompensate for the next time.
Right.
Richelle Direny: But I mean, and then actually I think I'm
Richelle Direny: Having
Richelle Direny: Sons. I don't know. There's something about voice.
Andriana Clark: I was like more of a tomboy growing up. So I think that's another reason why I will be easier for me to connect with them.
Andriana Clark: Because I work with my brother.
Richelle Direny: Phil you it's a boy.
Richelle Direny: love and attention in something that they do.
Andriana Clark: Right. And like he's my brother and my son will
Andriana Clark: Always wanting to try sports.
Andriana Clark: Football to get just
Andriana Clark: I'm always the one they come to do it.
Andriana Clark: The only one that's still a product enough in the field way.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, I mean it's a combination of a few things.
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Andriana Clark: It's like he constantly reminds me that I'm
Andriana Clark: Like eat so cute he is right now is for he'll be five and November but
Andriana Clark: He'll come up to me and like first thing in the morning, he gives me a huge, huge chance every morning and then they'll start kissing me like Oh give me like 100 different kisses will pull back and kiss me kiss me again. And he's like, I love you mom, your best mommy in the
Richelle Direny: World every bit of you.
It does.
Andriana Clark: And then it's like whenever the invite. I want to be a disaster that, but then I sit there and look at him and I just thought like laughing because it's like he's just like I was when I was younger. Like, it's only as I was a stubborn.
Andriana Clark: If, like, I don't know if I want to be the best rock bottom because it reminds me so much of my sister, one of my cousin when we were little kids, and it's just crazy.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's, um, you know, like you said, it's just as easy. You know, we have attachments. We bond very differently with each of our kids.
Richelle Direny: You have different attachments their personality draw you in a different way, um, you know, there's just so many different factors that's involved in it. But it sounds like at this point, at this juncture, because of you're aware of
Richelle Direny: What it was like when she was first born
Richelle Direny: It seems like you appreciate the bond and the relationship that you're creating with her now.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I do. Oh. Uh huh. It's so
Richelle Direny: Do you find that you guys are spending more mother daughter time together.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, and I've noticed like she's been asking more like winter dads and stuff, she asked her dad to stay in the living room with a brother so that her mom can have mommy, mommy and daughter time or girls time
Andriana Clark: Like
Andriana Clark: Sometimes it's annoying because sometimes it's like
Andriana Clark: She thought that age where she talks a lot. And sometimes it's like non stop in your ear talking about everything in anything. And it's like, I just want to shut you off, but I can't show you all
Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: It's funny that you're a saint. But I think that, at this juncture of your life like this is a critical stage. So what she's, she's 11 so she's one in the sixth green
Andriana Clark: But this she had to stay back here because of a birthday.
Richelle Direny: Okay so fifth grade, and you're going to notice you're going to notice it's kind of so I like to. This is a picture when you were younger. Did you ever go on roller coasters.
Andriana Clark: Yes, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Picture the biggest, baddest roller coaster.
Richelle Direny: I think when you get to the middle school years.
Richelle Direny: You like sixth grade you get on that roller coaster and you know like when you're getting on the road because like i don't care for roller coasters and I find out later in life that roller coasters are just little demons from hell.
Richelle Direny: Should be shaking you up like that.
Right.
Andriana Clark: Now you know
Andriana Clark: But then they go back and forth.
Richelle Direny: And it goes upside down and
Andriana Clark: Get what me and my daughter, like the seat belts were barely even like the the hooks world barely out of this down and like
Andriana Clark: We're both so right. I'm like, only 120 pounds. She's like 70 pounds and the top seed and nobody's after sitting beside us and I think like, I think if they were to fill it all the feedback or something. Well, I'm telling myself from the airway.
Andriana Clark: from falling out when she's like I've never do that again more
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I want you to think about the feeling so when you're going on a roller coaster so recently.
Richelle Direny: I'm I went. The last time I went on a roller coaster was like two years ago, I went to Busch Gardens and I went on the cheetah.
Richelle Direny: And so I'm not really. I'm like, you know what I should be getting on a roller coaster. But, you know, one of my two girls.
Richelle Direny: And I said, you know, let's go on it. And so like I did a little investigation, they're like, well, no, it's not too bad. It's the milder of the roller coasters and
Richelle Direny: You know, yeah, you guys can get on it. It's not too big in the defend, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, all right, no problem, we'll go on it. I'll go on it with you guys.
Richelle Direny: And but when you go on the roller coaster. You remember it starts off like really like and I'm getting like butterflies right now just thinking about the doggone thing.
Richelle Direny: But like I like to describe life with children as they go through this transition period in middle school, especially and kind of find yourself getting off of this roller coaster. So, you know, like how when you get on the roller coaster. It's like
Richelle Direny: It's like taking you slowly into the Devil's Den, but you don't know your
Richelle Direny: Been because it takes you real niceness soil. Okay, I could do this, and it's taking its time, and it may be some of them. It goes up to the top and it's going off really slow.
Richelle Direny: And you're like, oh, I could do this. This is nice. This is smooth. You're looking at the scenery and you're enjoying what you're seeing. And you're like, oh, elevated and then it goes June and that's when it starts to take you and it throws you and it puts you through so much stress.
Richelle Direny: That's how
I like to describe
Richelle Direny: This stage that she's getting ready to enter
Andriana Clark: Right. The woman stage.
Andriana Clark: The everything
Richelle Direny: That everything this. Okay, Mom. I like this. I'm emotional and I'm not. You're the enemy. You're not. You're this and I believe in that. And it's just like they take you through this emotional
Andriana Clark: Raw now because
Richelle Direny: They're going through this roller coaster and they don't really understand all of these things.
Andriana Clark: Going on.
Andriana Clark: Right.
Richelle Direny: You have no clue. So they have like figure it out. So like, even with I'm and I'm going to kind of proceed with this statement with caution because everybody you know everybody's choice and what they do. It's their own
Richelle Direny: And so like with this stage, especially saying, you know, identify as being this like I like girls were this or that.
Richelle Direny: It's still a part of that emotional state. And this is where you're getting really truly ready. This is where it's a very tender moment for not just you, but also for the child as well.
Andriana Clark: Okay.
Richelle Direny: This is where it's very important. How you mold them and how you pour into them and your the way you raise them because
Richelle Direny: At this juncture that she's getting ready to enter in and she's going to remain in it for a couple of years because remember your entrance of that puberty staging you remain in that for a little bit of time.
Richelle Direny: And it is very important, how you present like your parenting style, how much you you sit and you have that conversation with her. This is where you teach her
Richelle Direny: This is
Richelle Direny: Where you really lay down your values and your morals, you're passing on, you're pretty much saying
Richelle Direny: Kind of like when your grandmother got you and says, okay, sit down. I'm going to teach you a few things because this is the lesson that you need.
Richelle Direny: In life, later on, these are all of the tools that I'm giving to you to pass on in life. That's kind of where you are. This is the roller coaster. The big the third of this and it's just throwing you all over the place.
Andriana Clark: And what
Richelle Direny: The roller coaster is doing to your body and you can't i can't function, I don't, I don't know what I feel what I think I'm trying to get I'm trying to gain control, but I can't get control. That's what this stage of her life goes through
Richelle Direny: Then later right about 1819. This is right about the end of high school when they're kind of going off into middle school. This is when you don't get off the roller coaster right there you slow down.
Richelle Direny: It's slowing down because remember at the end of the roller coaster. It's slowly takes you back in. Right. It
Andriana Clark: takes you back in before it.
Richelle Direny: Stops and it lets you off. And that's kind of how the stages that they're entering that's kind of how it is until they get to about, I would say between 18 and 20
Richelle Direny: It's when they're really getting off of it.
Richelle Direny: When they're really slowing down, and where they kind of go and they start experience in life, but they still start to really appreciate you. They start to appreciate everything that you taught them.
Richelle Direny: During this stage when they were going through this the the hormonal rage work. They couldn't figure it out.
Richelle Direny: That's where they're going to go back to that and they're going to reflect back on it now and they're going to think
Richelle Direny: Okay, now I understand what mom was telling you what dad was telling me and all that was going on now I can start putting it together. Because guess what
Richelle Direny: Every their hormones and everything has somewhat settled. So like I said, this right now is where even though sometimes it's just like, oh my god.
Richelle Direny: I'm tired. I can't, I can't hear it now. I can't. That's where you have to be mindful of how you present yourself.
Richelle Direny: In front of her, or how you speak to her. This is where you truly have to be mindful of that, um, because every little thing you say and do and how you act that she's watching that and that can
Richelle Direny: Only be her or break her. So how she came to you and she was like, Hey, Mom, I want to tell you something, and how you were just open and you just kind of embraced her and
Andriana Clark: You know, the kind of how respected her
Richelle Direny: Pretty much. Pretty much you respected what she and even if you don't necessarily agree with it. You're not going to kind of go in with your legal battle axe. No, that's not so empowering.
Andriana Clark: This is
Richelle Direny: You're not going to do that.
Andriana Clark: Even if the way I want to do it sometimes, but I've learned
Richelle Direny: Yet you can't
Richelle Direny: You have to, you have to kind of ease and in there. You got to take your time, you're not always going to agree with certain things are not always going to be. You don't believe the decisions, but it's all about your delivery. Because what did they say
Richelle Direny: I'm
Andriana Clark: The best way
Andriana Clark: Hmm, I was gonna say I could either breaker. So, or I could help her. So no
Andriana Clark: More comfortable about herself or more ashamed of yourself.
Andriana Clark: Exactly him like growing up, my parents. That's what they did. They made me feel ashamed of everything I did everything I did was wrong. It was never good enough and like an order to fill the way that I did.
Andriana Clark: And I'm like, I know sometimes like I look at it and like I can see like pain in her face just from
Andriana Clark: Everything that she's already been through like she's been through a lot because of my drug use and because CPS take it in and out of the house which was my fault.
Andriana Clark: But like she blamed herself for a lot of it and like, it's so hard, because she, she's like that type of person that feels like everything that goes wrong is because of her
Andriana Clark: And I've been thinking about trying to get like in therapy or something. But then at the same time she's scared to talk to anybody because she's scared if she talks about the past and things
Andriana Clark: Have happened that she'll get taken off of us and I keep trying to break. We don't even have custody over my dad does
Andriana Clark: He let her live with us, but either taker or kill one at a time.
Andriana Clark: And like she knows that me like she gets scared but us in my dad's gonna get in trouble or something like that. Like my dad's Ray wake by as he checks in on us all time we see him every single day. He knows everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: You, you don't have
Richelle Direny: Like your parents or rights were terminated or just
Andriana Clark: I find I did six nila has been both that six months in jail. We signed custody over to my dad so that the kids didn't end up in foster care.
Andriana Clark: And we had planned on already getting customer feedback, once we go straight into our lives and clean but um
Andriana Clark: We decided to wait a little bit before we go to court to get the customer the actual custody back because
Andriana Clark: The data cups got caught on my husband O'clock Scott call them my dog man has been out a warrant for unpaid finds that he didn't even realize that he had he thought that I had taken care of them back in 2015 and I probably was supposed to and I probably spent the money on drugs.
Andriana Clark: And told him that if he room or something like guarantee that's probably what happened.
Andriana Clark: But, um, they came and got him for that, like, I just want to make sure we have no more legal problems before we go and get custody back that way. There ain't no chance at all.
Andriana Clark: That we're going to get arrested for something and they lose the kids because we got arrested for an unpaid fine or something like that.
Andriana Clark: Now everything in lines taken care of and all my court cases are closed, which I did have I had a lot
Andriana Clark: And we just got our income tax it back yesterday, so I have to call I tried calling today to pay it all. It's fine. But I have to call tomorrow to do it. And that's my goal for tomorrow is to get all it's fine to pay it off and then
Andriana Clark: Sometime by the end of the month. I plan on going and taking my test and getting drivers to
Richelle Direny: By the end of what month, next month.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Okay. Um, the thing is, you know,
Richelle Direny: So this is what
How can I put this
Richelle Direny: You can be your child Council.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you can through your own counseling equip yourself in a way that you are there for her and you're able to speak to her.
And kind of
Richelle Direny: Put you don't lay out the platform.
Andriana Clark: Kind of get her insight and the situation or what come of it.
Richelle Direny: Back and then where she gets to a place where she feels comfortable. Now the other thing is
Richelle Direny: You have to be able to, you know, teacher and educator her because with therapy is always going to be a trust factor. It's person that you don't know, um, you are having to open up and talk about personal
Andriana Clark: Issue with someone
Richelle Direny: That you have no idea. You don't know what they're going to do with the information if they're going to use it against you have really no clue. So you're
Richelle Direny: Out on your seven out on faith and you're kind of just like stepping out blindly to say, hey, I'm gonna try to trust this person and you're hoping
Richelle Direny: That they're not going to take whatever information I share with them and throw it back on me but you it's ultimately you have you are working on learning how
Andriana Clark: To
Richelle Direny: Speak to her in teacher to be okay with getting to that point where she allows herself to speak to someone, a neutral person.
Andriana Clark: Right.
Out bias.
Richelle Direny: That will be able to sit and speak with her and they're not trying
Richelle Direny: To run off and say, oh, well, the mom is this and that and A, B and C.
Andriana Clark: You understand. Right, right. Because I mean it took me 15 years until I found the camp counselor come out what's comfortable talking to and that you everybody else. I feel like once or twice and then just completely quit talking to them.
Richelle Direny: What I mean, and so you have to, you have to identify look within yourself and saying okay
Richelle Direny: What was it for you that made you feel uncomfortable in the past, where are you now where you feel okay you felt a little bit more comfortable to open it up, you have to answer those questions within
Andriana Clark: Yourself.
Richelle Direny: To say about the situation made it more comfortable where you got to that.
Richelle Direny: Place. And that's kind of how you feel.
Andriana Clark: Right, and I think a lot of it for me. What got me to that place was kidding around the past and getting over all the hurt and regrets and fear that I had
Andriana Clark: A lot of fear, but it's nothing like it used to be. And that's because I was able to get it out, even though I don't think anybody else. I was able to get it out to myself on paper and
Andriana Clark: Go over it like I read and I completely wrote out every thing that's ever happened to me in my life. And then I read it a couple times and then I
Andriana Clark: Listen to other people's story different people's stories. And I just thought of, like, all the yes but I haven't had yet like there could be so much worse things that have happened to me like
Andriana Clark: I could have been a child back instead of just having my father beat on me. He could have been raping me or something else too because he was drunk. And that's where a lot of things happened young girls and stuff is because their father is drinking and
Andriana Clark: Just so drunk with a lot of times people with children.
Andriana Clark: Like their own mind what they're doing.
Andriana Clark: And then I think, yeah, I just kind of like, think of all the guests that never happened to me all the things that could happen to me.
Richelle Direny: That didn't
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I think that's kind of what helped me get through my past.
Richelle Direny: So it's like it. So you're based on what I'm hearing you say is that when you think
Richelle Direny: About when you put down your own fears and all of the things that you when you wrote it out on
Richelle Direny: Paper right
Andriana Clark: And then you put
Richelle Direny: The story.
Andriana Clark: Your situation and circumstances and
Andriana Clark: Thought was not
Richelle Direny: As bad as that person went through.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm
Andriana Clark: Gonna try to like remind myself like
Andriana Clark: It could always have been worse, and it can always get a lot worse if I get back to it. And I think that's what helps me to stay strong and then like I also in last couple years I
Andriana Clark: Was down. I've read more people in than I ever have before. I kind of like my husband's notice the difference because he knows like
Andriana Clark: I would never talk to him about anything since me and him, got together like he had a really hard time getting enough term and I mean I would I trust them with my life.
Andriana Clark: I just didn't feel comfortable talking about different things that have happened in the past because I tried to act like they never happen. I tried to put woke up and I like thing and break this that
Andriana Clark: So whenever something about it would get up for something I would shut down because, in my mind, it didn't.
Andriana Clark: A lot of the things I found
Andriana Clark: Out in the things that I've been able to talk to people about I think that that helps
Andriana Clark: It helps me more than I put the walls down at first when I first put them down. It does. It hurts like hell.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Andriana Clark: I get depressed for a couple days and then I get over it.
Richelle Direny: And it's all, it's so it's so amazing what you just said. And it just goes to show how
Richelle Direny: Much strength you have that you didn't know you have
Andriana Clark: You used to talk about like
Richelle Direny: Addiction and what the
Richelle Direny: Purpose of why you use the drugs.
Andriana Clark: The drugs.
Richelle Direny: Is because you got addicted.
Andriana Clark: To the idea and the thought and feeling of not feeling
Andriana Clark: Good and being numb.
Andriana Clark: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Of Vietnam.
Andriana Clark: So you're saying that
Richelle Direny: You realize that kind of like a cut and it's not going to stay hurting forever. It has to heal. But am I going to allow it to take its course because
Andriana Clark: It will stop.
Richelle Direny: It's not going to continue. It's not going to nothing lingers on and on, it will stop oftentimes it's
Richelle Direny: I don't know if I've ever said to you. It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Think about how we hold on to things and we fester things. And when we're struggling and how without realizing it. We're holding on to the hurt into the pain, where it's like, no, just let go. You ever
Richelle Direny: You ever think about a child a monkey bar.
Richelle Direny: They're holding on, you know, the ones that they're holding on to
Andriana Clark: And like you're holding on, and you don't want to let go. But you can barely hold on and you're trying your hardest just to keep going.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: Let it go.
Richelle Direny: You're hurting, you're in pain.
Richelle Direny: The only way the pain.
Richelle Direny: Is that you have to let go. That is the only way. And I think it's like we have a hard time and I like that analogy for someone to feel like just like oh
Richelle Direny: Someone is here, willing to catch you is willing to help you just let go and oftentimes we go through and we stay in the pit and we continue with the depression, simply because we refused.
Andriana Clark: To let it go. Let it go.
Richelle Direny: We refuse to let it go.
Richelle Direny: And it's just like I get it hurts. It hurts. I get it. I can't see. I understand it because I've never been there. I've never experienced but but i get it hurts. It hurts like hell.
Andriana Clark: But listen, yeah.
Andriana Clark: It will stop hurting people. And on to it just gonna keep hurting longer and longer. There you go.
Andriana Clark: There you go.
Andriana Clark: And that's what a lot. Yeah, that's a little lot of my problem. I think was was because I like filling my mind like
Andriana Clark: I didn't want to get it out. I didn't want to let go. But I didn't want to think about it or feel nothing from it. And that's what the where the drugs came in because they made me number the world to reality and what
Andriana Clark: I pretty much didn't care about nothing but the drugs.
Andriana Clark: And then now that I'm sober, I can see a difference in the world. And like how good everything can be and everything. Don't have to be the same way that
Andriana Clark: It was for me growing up, I can do better, but I can't do better if I keep holding on to the past, because then I just keep living in the past.
Richelle Direny: You're absolutely right. And when you think about even when you gave the example with your dad and him having his own
Richelle Direny: addiction to alcohol or whatever that situation is, but it's thinking about, you know, the reason why he had he had his addiction to alcohol was because he had his own issues that he was holding on to
Richelle Direny: But now, are you going to completely change everything about your dad or the way you grew up, or are you going to say I will never do anything, or are you going to look at the situation.
Richelle Direny: Processing and just take out what you can use because it's not everything that was horrible. Because if everything was horrible. You wouldn't sign over custody to your dad.
Andriana Clark: So there was something about him.
Richelle Direny: That you admired. There's something about him that you respect it. That's why you felt safe enough and you trusted him enough to allow him.
Andriana Clark: To take that because I respected the fact that he was hard working me anywhere, do anything.
Andriana Clark: For family, no matter how bad things caught
Richelle Direny: You see how you were able to pick, pick that out of the fact that he was an alcoholic and whatever the bad things where you see how you still was able to pick that out.
Andriana Clark: And Daya how you look at your
Andriana Clark: parenting style.
Richelle Direny: And say I have my own style. There are certain things that I may do a little bit different, but you have to sit and like you said. Allow yourself to let go of the past so that you can see it.
Andriana Clark: Right, but
Richelle Direny: In the end, and I think daily and what I'm going to encourage you to do is daily. Just tell yourself and remind yourself that you are strong and you are capable and you are worthy and you have more strength than you give yourself credit for
Richelle Direny: Okay, just encourage you have more inner strength and ability to do things, then you give yourself credit for
Andriana Clark: And I think if you gave that to yourself.
Richelle Direny: Daily your realize how much you're able to continue to let go. Other things in your past that you may still be holding onto right
Andriana Clark: The more I let go of things, the happier. I am
Richelle Direny: The happier you are and the more confident you become of telling yourself that you have more strength than you give yourself credit for
Richelle Direny: And that you are much better today than you were yesterday.
Richelle Direny: Even though you're great today, but you're much better tomorrow than you were today.
Richelle Direny: Right, okay, but it's just a constant encouragement, because
Richelle Direny: It's bringing those things into our awareness and saying,
Richelle Direny: I really just have to let this go I'm doing more myself that I'm doing good.
Andriana Clark: I just have to worry and usually it's stuff that we hold on to that really doesn't matter.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, it might have been painful yet late be something that you think about from time to time, because it was something that was painful but
Andriana Clark: Think about it, but also think about the good times that happened around but that there's that times
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's just, just think just
Richelle Direny: Think that
Richelle Direny: Every time whenever you get to that place where you're like, you're feeling emotionally overwhelmed in your satin and whatever the situation or circumstance that presented itself kind of puts you in that frame of mind.
Richelle Direny: Just think of the analogy. Am I holding on to this monkey bar.
Richelle Direny: Am I at that place where I can let it go. I want to let it go.
Andriana Clark: All right.
Okay.
Andriana Clark: I can do that.
Andriana Clark: And
Richelle Direny: When you get to that place where. And if you ever get
Richelle Direny: This is also where strength comes from. If you get to that place where you say, I can't let it go. I feel like it's choking me I need help. I need someone else to hear me. That's why you can call and say, Hey, Michelle, you know what I'm really feeling overwhelmed right now.
To
Andriana Clark: Help me.
Richelle Direny: Because when you talk to someone and a person somewhat repeats back to you what you're saying.
Andriana Clark: Then going to help
Richelle Direny: You got it out.
Richelle Direny: You're hearing it back. And then you're like, Okay, I feel a little bit better. I think I do.
Andriana Clark: Or I feel a little bit better but I feel a little bit dumb free villain and it gets to me.
Richelle Direny: So that's, that's the hope.
Richelle Direny: In some degree, to some degree, because it's hearing it back.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like when you tell someone something and then they repeat it back to you. You're like, Well, hold on now.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let me encourage you keep loving on your daughter keep being there. Trust me as much as you're like, oh god, she told me the story. One more time.
Andriana Clark: Oh no, she's like, there's all these crazy apps out there now that I don't understand them, or all these other social media accounts for kids or teens and stuff.
Andriana Clark: And like she's on some of them and it's like I'm on her phone trying to get through everything and it's
Andriana Clark: In my head I'm like, I can't trust her because I knew what me and my cousins and my sisters and all of them that we were younger.
Andriana Clark: And then it's like after I'm sitting there telling myself I can't trust her. And I'm looking through her stuff. I'm like, I'm such an idiot like why am I getting myself worried about it.
Andriana Clark: Mm hmm. But then it's like, I don't know who I can trust out in this world, either. And I don't want it to turn out to be
Andriana Clark: Somebody that end up being on our Facebook group and find out where she lives because of her name or a picture that's in her in her one of her pictures or something like sometimes the alien work in new words up because of that.
Richelle Direny: You're it's important that the relationship you build with her now, especially where she is seeking it out from you, and sometimes they're seeking things out from you. They don't realize that's what they're doing. But you have to be able to be in tune to them.
Andriana Clark: So that
Richelle Direny: You know, okay. You know what my mom said this, because listen, let me tell you something. Sometimes you think these kids are not listening to you, but trust me down.
Andriana Clark: Oh, no.
Richelle Direny: They're listening to you. It goes into it when you will know when they're listening to you because they try to throw it back at you in the most inopportune time
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you. This is where it's very important that time that you spend with her and how you pour into her. Listen, the best teacher
Richelle Direny: For your daughter.
Andriana Clark: Is you
Richelle Direny: Do it. What, why do you think you are the best teacher for her.
Andriana Clark: Because she sees me and watches me every single day.
Richelle Direny: And because of the past. You've had
Andriana Clark: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Look how to pass like no other. So, you know, what's out there you know relation looks like you know what all of it looks like
Richelle Direny: Well, you're the only person who can tell her, ain't no. So think about it. There is no conniving in the Seaver better than me. So, trust me.
Richelle Direny: It takes one to know one so I could tell you what a person is doing what they're thinking where they're going with that line of questioning why they're doing this, how they're they're fishing for you. I'm telling you, because I know it. I've been
Andriana Clark: There, done.
Richelle Direny: That. And that's what you have to keep so your past is your pants you went through it. But listen, you can take what you've gone through and you can teach someone why this is the reason why you don't want to walk down that
Andriana Clark: Right.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why I brought that up because
Richelle Direny: Just like you with all of these different accents out there, there is very peak, they're sick people out there that they they get into these reach to these young children and they don't know
Richelle Direny: Right, this is the reason why, like you said, you have to be very vigilant in trying to be a part of what it is that she's doing
Andriana Clark: Right, just so that I can be aware that there's nobody out there trying to harm her and that she's safe.
Hmm. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: You've got this, you've got this
Andriana Clark: Is your. Yes, you may kill you. You got this.
Richelle Direny: Your, your, your whole lot better than you give yourself credit for
That
Andriana Clark: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: So, and you'll get through it. But definitely, as I said,
Richelle Direny: You know, just kind of do that. Man in the Mirror type of thing every day, just give yourself that kind of motivational speech. I am stronger than I give myself credit for
Andriana Clark: I said,
Richelle Direny: I'm worthy and you just keep doing that, I am going to make the best of today and I am going to appreciate what I can say
Andriana Clark: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Adrian. So, um, let's see.
Andriana Clark: Number better for you.
Richelle Direny: I actually already have you on my calendar for the 12
Andriana Clark: Oh okay at six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: I'll send you a reminder. Okay.
Andriana Clark: Okay yeah cuz I'll forget if not
Andriana Clark: Yeah, I have a hard time remembering what the to this.
Richelle Direny: Don't worry.
Richelle Direny: Don't worry, we're always at the end of February, put it like that.
Andriana Clark: Yeah, that's usually about how I know around what it is.
Richelle Direny: There you go. There you go. So I'll see on the top, but I'll send you a reminder. Okay.
Andriana Clark: Okay, thank you.
Richelle Direny: Very good one.
Andriana Clark: You too nice talking to you too. Bye bye.